example for PKG_CONFIG_PATH for package_info() (#4500)
conan-io/docs: examples/tools/gnu/pkg_config_sysroot.rst

object. It does it at ``package()`` time, when the package is being built (the policies are added so the
package is automatically build when necessary in the current machine, and binaries are never uploaded, as 
the information from that .pc file will only be valid in the current machine).
Notice that ``pkg_config_path`` is not passed: it is picked up from
``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` defined in the profile. The resulting ``CppInfo`` is serialized to
the package folder in ``package()``, and reloaded in ``package_info()``:

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: *conanfile.py*

    import os
    from conan import ConanFile
    from conan.tools.gnu import PkgConfig
    from conan.tools import CppInfo

    class Pkg(ConanFile):
        name = "mypkg"
        version = "0.1"
        build_policy = "missing"
        upload_policy = "skip"

        def package(self):
            # This method executes at package build time, it has 
            # available the build environment "buildenv"
            pkg_config = PkgConfig(self, "mylibastral")
            cpp_info = CppInfo(self)
            pkg_config.fill_cpp_info(cpp_info, is_system=False, system_libs=["m"])

>             cpp_info.save(os.path.join(self.package_folder, "cpp_info.json"))

Reviewer: I think this and `load` are not documented?

Author: Documented now

        def package_info(self):
            # This method executes at package consumption time, it will

>             # have available the build environment, but it can load a file

Reviewer: Isn't it the opposite? 
```suggestion
            # not have access to the build environment, but it can load a file
```

Author: Yes, thanks, fixed it
